React Updates (#3627)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/javascript.react.mdx

> You should initialize the Sentry React SDK as soon as possible during your application load up, before initializing React:

Reviewer: delete this line (it's covered by the code sample and the preceding prose from the common content)

> ```JSX

Reviewer: Please change JSX to javascript for all code samples

import * as Sentry from "@sentry/react";
import { Integrations } from "@sentry/tracing";
import App from "./App";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___" ,
  integrations: [new Integrations.BrowserTracing()],

  // We recommend adjusting this value in production, or using tracesSampler
  // for finer control
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById("root"));

// Can also use with React Concurrent Mode
// ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root')).render(<App />);
```

Once this is done, all unhandled exceptions are automatically captured by Sentry.

### Add React Error Boundary

If you're using React 16 or above, Error Boundaries are an essential tool for defining your application's behavior in the face of errors. The `@sentry/react` package exposes an error boundary component that automatically sends JavaScript errors from inside a React component tree to Sentry. You can use the error boundary just like a regular React component.

```JSX
import React from "react";
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/react";

<Sentry.ErrorBoundary fallback={"An error has occurred"}>
  <Example />
</Sentry.ErrorBoundary>;

> ```

Reviewer: Suggest moving this to a subpage and keeping only the statement "If you're using React 16 or above, Error Boundaries are an essential tool for defining your application's behavior in the face of errors" and creating a link to that page with the [Error Boundaries] text.

### Automatically Enrich Error Data

Events sent by the React SDK to Sentry are enriched with data that helps identify the source of the event. Much of this data is sent automatically - including the error context and environment - as well as the trail of events that led up to the event, which we call breadcrumbs. You don't need to configure these, though you may modify them.

Learn more about the data sent with events in [Enrich Event Data](enriching-events/context/).

> 

Reviewer: this can be removed from the Getting Started. It's available as Next Steps and not essential to get up and running.

Learn how to further configure and use the Sentry Error Boundary in [React Error Boundary](./components/errorboundary/)

### React Router

_(New in version 5.21.0)_

Sentry's performance instrumentation includes support for React Router 3, 4, and 5.

```JSX
import { Router } from 'react-router-dom';
import { createBrowserHistory } from 'history';

import * as Sentry from '@sentry/react';
import { Integrations } from '@sentry/tracing';

const history = createBrowserHistory();

Sentry.init({
  integrations: [
    new Integrations.BrowserTracing({
      // Can also use reactRouterV3Instrumentation or reactRouterV4Instrumentation
      routingInstrumentation: Sentry.reactRouterV5Instrumentation(history),
    });
  ],

  // We recommend adjusting this value in production, or using tracesSampler
  // for finer control
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

// ...

// In your App render:
render() {
  return (
    // Use custom history with a Router component
    <Router history={history}>
      <Components />
    </Router>
  );
}
```

Learn more about set up information for our [React Router Integration](configuration/integrations/react-router/).

### Redux

> _(New in version 5.20.0)_

Reviewer: "New" is a tricky term six months from now :) 
```suggestion
_(Available in version 5.20.0 and above)_
```

> Redux support is included in the `@sentry/react` package since version `5.20.0`. To apply Sentry to Redux, use `Sentry.createReduxEnhancer` at the same place that you initialize your Redux store.

Reviewer: Is this essential to Getting Started? If not, send users to the page with this info and code sample, keeping only an intro sentence that provides the link.

```javascript
import React from "react";
import ReactDOM from "react-dom";
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/react";
import { Integrations } from "@sentry/tracing";
import App from "./App";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  integrations: [new Integrations.BrowserTracing()],

  // We recommend adjusting this value in production, or using tracesSampler
  // for finer control
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById("root"));

// Can also use with React Concurrent Mode
// ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root')).render(<App />);
```

Once this is done, all unhandled exceptions are automatically captured by Sentry.

> If you're using React 16 or above, [Error Boundaries](components/errorboundary/) is an essential tool for defining your application's behavior in the face of errors.
> 
> 
> ### React Router
> 
> Learn more about set up information for our [React Router Integration](configuration/integrations/react-router/).
> 
> ### Redux
> 
> Learn more about the redux integration and its options in [Redux Integration](configuration/integrations/redux/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add Error Boundary

If you're using React 16 or above, you can export an [Error Boundary](components/errorboundary/) component to automatically send Javascript errors from inside a component tree to Sentry, and set a fallback UI.

### Set Up React Router

The React Router integration is designed to work with our tracing package. Learn more about set up for our [React Router Integration](configuration/integrations/react-router/).

### Apply Redux

To apply Sentry to Redux, learn more about the [Redux Integration](configuration/integrations/redux/) and its options.
```
